You let Nick Fuentes back up.
Yes.
Absolutely.
A white supremacist anti-Semite.
Yeah, as long as he doesn't break the rules.
Well, those are breaking the rules.
No, being having views, having thoughts in your head
is not against the law.
What about saying the rules?
On his show.
If you say things on the platform that violate the platform.
And if you promote your show and you say them on your show?
Well, if I started spewing white supremacy stuff in front of you,
and I then tweeted a link to the show,
you'd be happy with that.
I'm not saying I would be happy with it,
but I wouldn't want you banned from X for that.
Really?
So I could look down the barrel of this camera
and say, I think all black people should be thrown out of this country.
Watch how they clip this one.
Well, no.
Zooby knows how the internet works.
Yeah, Pierce, it's a crazy thing.
I would like to know who espouses those views.
That's the beauty of freedom of speech.
So someone will clip it, right?
And I could say that.
And then I could tweet a link to this show, to promote the show.
And you would think I should stay on X.
Yes, I want to put your right to free speech.
Wow, wow.
That's not free speech, it's hate speech.
No, it's free.
Hate speech.
I mean, I know Pierce is approaching this discussion
from the British perspective, much like a Canadian
might be approaching it from the Canadian perspective.
Hate speech, it's not bloody recognized under the First Amendment
as a restrictive method, Pierce.
Freedom of speech specifically exists to protect views,
and people espousing views.
But there are six different criteria excluded
from the First Amendment.
Not one of which is hate speech, Pierce.
This is where you might've got, there's defamation,
incitement, a criminal discourse, criminal activity.
What's it, fraud?
There are six carved out criteria.
In America, one of them is not hate speech.
Imagine saying immigrant go home,
as in as much as it's unpopular to say,
becomes hate speech worthy of being unbanned.
So when people tell Pierce Morgan to go home
because nobody needs his censorship
and anti-second amendment perspective in America,
that would be hate speech, ban them from Twitter,
and so that nobody can tell Pierce Morgan to go home
because of his un-American views,
and I'm not saying this, by the way,
but I'd like to know who would be saying it
if people were saying it about me.
Go back to Canada, because what they'd be saying.
Including child pornography, including defamation,
including all sorts of things.
You can't famously go into a theater and shout,
fire, including all sorts of things,
but not hate speech, Pierce.
Right at the answer.
Sure, but you can say that.
So there are lots of restrictions already.
Look, there are people who think that I engage in hate speech.
There's people who think that you engage in hate speech.
Hate speech is a very subjective,
it's an extraordinarily subjective term.
And if anyone who has ever said anything,
you just know that anyone can say anything.
I don't think you can directly call to violence.
It's an amazing thing.
Hate speech is very subjective.
So anyone can say anything.
No, Pierce, we already established that.
My goodness, Zuby's doing good.
Right. No.
Anyhow, that's to say a shout out to Zuby for,
not keeping its composure.
It's not like he was under attack.
It is very easy to get distracted and flustered
when you're on a platform as big as Pierce Morgan.
You know, having that talk over you.
I thought that was a great clip to start with
because it might be relevant for today's discussion.
I don't know if we're gonna get in trouble
for talking about the George Floyd situation,
but before we do, let's just make sure
that we're live everywhere.
I was glitching on stream yards.
I was trying to say and put in the chat,
went for a jog this morning in the rain.
It's beautiful.
It would not let me send that message four times.
An error occurred, wait a moment and try again.
Then I do mic check and the mic check goes through.
Then I put in, went for a jog in the rain this morning.
It was beautiful, an error occurred, wait.
And then we're back to chat.
So let's make sure that we're live everywhere
before we get into this because I hesitated
on the thumbnail and the caption
or the title to describe this.
I don't want to be accused of clickbait.
I don't want to be accused of anything
that would impune what I pride myself on my integrity.
And I ran the title by our guest and he says,
I'm gonna pronounce his name the way the French do, Jean Baudouin.
Although it's Jean Baudouin.
I don't want to mischaracterize what we're gonna discuss today.
I don't want to oversell it.
I don't want to make it what it's not.
I don't want anyone saying clickbait, exploitive rubbish.
You're gonna meet Jean Baudouin, senior.
And we're gonna talk about what he says he's discovered
and what he believes is a strong indication
that George Floyd's death certificate was modified
to conceal what was the initial indication
of cause of death.
Now, when someone else is out there saying,
I question the official narrative lawsuits, defamation,
oh, whatever it is, hate speech, you can't, you can't do that.
That's a, you can't question the narrative
without getting deplatform sanctions.
Who, it doesn't matter, we're doing it today.
And what I was going to say is that for those of you
who don't know me, Viva Fry, Montreal litigator
turned Florida rumbler, when I go a day without streaming
or making a vlog, I feel like I have not accomplished anything.
Even though technically I might have accomplished 10 other items
which are equally, if not more important,
a day without streaming, a day without video,
a day without, oh, you know,
communicating with the world feels like a day loss.
Although I did communicate with our locals community,
vivavarnslaw.locals.com.
We're gonna catch up and we got some news.
So what we're gonna do today,
we have a guest, John Baudouin, senior.
You might know him from his research and work
on the COVID question, COVID stats, COVID data.
You're gonna know him based on what we're gonna talk about
today, a little bit of that, George Floyd.
After the interview, I'm gonna continue on on Rumble.
So about 45, 50 minutes in, we're gonna end on YouTube
and Rumble and go over exclusively at Rumble.
If you're watching on vivavarnslaw.locals.com,
am I good there?
Are we good here?
We are good here.
Then we're gonna have our after party
on vivavarnslaw.locals.com.
So that's the order for the day.
Shall we get going?
Six minutes in?
Good.
Mr. Baudouin?
Esque vousette plait, monsieur.
That's French for, are you ready?
He's ready.
Okay, I'm bringing him in.
Three, two, one.
John, sir, how goes the battle?
Oh, going very well, actually.
Winning on all fronts.
So I appreciate the pronunciation of my name
and I will say, Jean-Paul Props parfons,
say I won't dare to not teach me.
Baudouin, for those of you who don't,
might have survived.
It is definitively a French origin,
but there's a lot of, you know,
of many multi-generational who have a French name,
last name, who don't speak French,
much like I have Freihite as the last name,
but I don't speak German.
Although in Yiddish,
it means the same thing, freedom,
in all Germanic languages.
John, there's gonna be a lot of people.
I suspect who might be watching now
who have no idea who you are.
There's gonna be a lot who do,
because you've been a pivotal,
but not necessarily the, you know, the,
what do they call them, the headline name in the COVID
research battle that has been ongoing.
Many people are gonna know who you are,
but for those who don't,
let's do the 30,000 foot overview.
We're not gonna delve into too much history today.
Maybe some before we get into the present,
but who are you?
Well, I'm 59, so I was born in 64.
It gives a relative view of how I grew up
and when I grew up.
So you had the Vietnam War ending,
as I was a child growing up in the 70s.
And then got into some trouble as a kid,
nothing major, just as kids do.
Boys, we used to run around free.
Now everybody's kind of locked up
and on their electronic devices.
And then I found school somehow.
You know, I thought it was cool to get A's.
So I did really well in high school.
I got a full scholarship.
I came in engineer and then I didn't like that.
So I ended up in sales.
So my career is large contract sales.
Very strategic, big deal.
I'll just say the guidance control assistant
for the Trident nuclear missile,
the Polaris missile that pops out of submarines.
I put together the deal for all the design software for that.
It's netted over a billion dollars
and it spanned Raytheon, General Dynamics,
Lockheed Martin, Honeywell.
And the prime contractor was Draper Laboratory
in Cambridge where MIT is.
So my career was really high tech conversations
where I had to translate among financial people,
legal and contracts people,
really super bright engineers doing crazy designs.
So I just communicate well.
And then I raised the family,
raised three boys on my own,
divorced a long time ago,
full custody for years.
And when COVID hit,
I was, I'll just tell your audience,
I had lost my son a few years before COVID
in a motorcycle accident.
And so I sat on the couch depressed
and when COVID hit my middle son said this is all BS,
I was like, no, you gotta take it seriously, Charlie.
You know, people are dying.
So I looked into the data.
I wanted to be a good dad
and I found out they were lying about a lot of stuff.
They changed the file.
When I looked at it, I wrote to the CDC,
I said, you have some math errors
in your 2014 through 2018 data.
And when they wrote, they didn't write back.
They took the file down for 36 hours
when they put it back up, they changed the data.
They changed historical data
to meet the narrative they were pushing in 2020.
I can't prove any of it,
but I know it happened to me and that set me off.
And...
Oh sorry, so when you say you can't prove it
because you didn't have screen grabs before and after,
but you know that you saw it with your,
it's the gaslighting, like the memory holding.
If you don't screen grab it,
you don't even, you don't have a record of it,
but you know what happened.
And people will think you're crazy.
I don't think anyone's gonna think you're crazy though.
We've seen how they've deleted and stealth edited
in real time to fit the narrative.
So you get heavily involved in just COVID research
and tracking the data with your interest,
obsession and area of expertise.
Yes, yes.
I actually went to law school for a year at 56 years old.
And before I wanted data to the school,
I said, I'm not taking any vaccine by email.
And they wrote back, don't worry, you're over 30.
You don't have to take a vaccine.
So that incorporates as part of the contract
as an inducement, right?
I go for a year and then they say,
we have a vaccine mandate and they throw me out.
So now I have a lawsuit against the school.
I have a lawsuit against the governor and federal court
for deprivation and rights.
I've got a lot of stuff going on.
But yeah.
Yeah, just the chat said, I'm a little low.
I've upped my volume a little bit.
So we're gonna see if this is better now.
I don't know that we need to get into the COVID stuff,
although it might be incidental to,
it will incidentally touch on what's going on here.
So you get heavily involved in that world
of the interwebs for COVID.
You know what the likes of Jessica Rose.
And the number of the other experts who were analyzing
the data in ways, analyzing the data,
identifying weaknesses in the data
and calling out the people on it.
And you've established quite, I say in the milieu,
a very, very respectable reputation for having done that.
And with that might be a subject for another day entirely,
but let me, so how does it get into George Floyd
and what is your business in looking into George Floyd?
Well, first of all, I don't even want to talk about this,
but it needs to be talked about
because the truth is just so important to me.
And there are personal reasons I've had signs
from God, if you will.
So I have through public records request,
all the Massachusetts test certificates
for the last nine years.
Somebody else got them from Minnesota.
And so after a year of analyzing Massachusetts,
that person and she wants to remain anonymous,
alerted me that they had them.
And then another guy in New York City
and I started analyzing those as well.
If I may, I might interrupt you.
I'm going to not do it too often
just to get clarification on points.
So you have nine years of death certificate data
from Massachusetts.
Yes, and now Minnesota.
And you had this because that was part
of what you were looking into for the COVID deaths
to track pre COVID post COVID, I presume, right?
That's correct.
You said that a 70 year old girl died from COVID.
And I thought, you know, for everything I know,
there's no way a healthy seven year old dies from COVID.
So I got the death certificate
and it actually said she died of COVID.
But then I found another record.
She reacted to the vaccine in five minutes,
vomited for eight to 10 hours.
They waited a couple of weeks, gave her another vaccine.
She had stomach pain.
She was dead in four days.
And on her death certificate, they wrote COVID.
It's the only thing they wrote in part one.
So there's massive amount of fraud being committed
by Massachusetts on official death records.
And that's what set me off to do all the analysis.
Is the name of that seven year old girl public?
I don't want to violate privacy.
Yeah, I've said it many times in Massachusetts law,
I can say it or name is Cassidy.
And if you look at anything I've done,
you can find the records.
It's also the first chapter in my book is named Cassidy.
It's similar to Trista Martin, the family
about who daughter passed away after the jab.
Sean Hartman and the most recent one,
which was Shawna Carroll, her daughter was given two jabs
within three weeks of each other, fell violently ill
and passed away and then they mark it as a COVID death.
So you get this one particular case, which I imagine is
that's enough to set off an otherwise rational person
for a very long time.
Was that the first one that you discovered
that set you off or was that one of the ones
that you discovered during your research?
That's the one that caused me to file eight
public records requests, which is the Massachusetts
state version of a FOIA and seven of them were denied.
The one that came through was the entire
death certificate database.
Now when I say I have the death certificate database,
a certificate is just a piece of paper with a state seal
on it, it's got a few things filled out.
In the database for every record,
that's every decision, every dead person,
there are 315 different columns on a spreadsheet.
So I have the middle names, first names, last names,
parents names, where the parents are from,
the manner of death, all the causes,
the burial plot, I got everything for everybody.
That's it.
I guess that is, I never appreciated
that that's public information.
And so how many names are on this list?
How many entries?
500,000, roughly.
500,000 over nine years, you said.
Yes.
From my own personal curiosity,
what's the apportionment of the nine years,
so the four years?
It's about, yeah, it's about 59 to 60,000 per year
until you get to 2020, in which there were about 8,800
extra deaths in nine weeks from mid-March to mid-June
for the big COVID wave that they called the COVID wave.
I could get into what that really was.
I interviewed a medical examiner for three and a half hours
who worked in Boston.
And we reviewed hundreds of death certificates
and she told me what they were doing during that time.
There's a lot I could get into on the COVID stuff.
If you want to hit the George Floyd stuff first,
it's up to you where you want to go.
Yeah, well, this might segue us into,
this is how you got the information.
So you get nine years of data for Massachusetts.
How does it come to be that you get the nine years of data
for Minnesota?
Well, as people talk to each other in our circles,
like you said, I know Jessica Rose and a bunch of people
and call it the movement, the truth movement.
We just want truth.
And somebody pointed me to someone in Minnesota.
I contacted that person and they wanted the analysis
that I've done in Massachusetts, also done in Minnesota.
She has the same unident, or excuse me,
not de-identified record, unredacted records that I have.
Maybe 150 different columns.
There's a few things missing, but still enough.
So she, I'll just say she,
she actually pointed out the George Floyd death certificate
to me and said, look at it.
Look at it, something's funny with it,
that look at the, look at the UCOD,
which means underlying cause of death,
which is a terrible name for the root cause of death.
The thing that started the causal chain that caused death.
Like, you know, this caused not be able to breathe
cause anoxic brain injury caused death.
It's like what was the root cause, the original cause.
And I kind of didn't pay attention
because I was so involved in the data
that I didn't want to get involved in George Floyd.
And then finally, I was like, you know what, she's right.
And I then understood how the CDC operates
where the states send the written death certificates
to the CDC, or the records I should say, not certificates,
but the database.
So the information is in English words
that are sent to the CDC, cause A, cause B, cause C, cause D.
That's part one of the death certificate.
And it's in backwards time order
with A being the immediate cause.
Go ahead, sorry.
Now question, the CDC is the center for disease control.
Why would, or why would death certificates
go through the CDC as a rule to begin with?
Well, I don't know.
I don't think it's a rule that they have to,
but the CDC has software called Transax
and another program called Acme.
And they run it through the Transax Acme software
to convert the words, it's not AI, but you can say it's AI.
It's understanding the words
and converting them into international cause of death codes,
ICD-10 codes.
And those ICD-10 codes are how everybody in the world
tracks causes of death.
When they say heart disease is up,
they're saying the I4s are up.
It's the I is for circulatory system
and four is like a lot of cardio stuff.
So they're not telling you the cardiac stuff is up.
They're telling you anything coded with an I4 is up,
it is high.
And so to create, to apply these codes as the CDC does,
it actually creates a single point of failure in a system.
You know, I'm a systems engineer, electrical engineer.
And so this being a single point of failure,
if the CDC has anything wrong,
then everything is wrong from there on.
So the state sends it to the CDC for coding.
The CDC sends it back to the state with the codes applied.
Okay, clarify that.
The state, well, let's take George Floyd
just as the concrete example, he dies.
The state sends what to the CDC for coding,
like what does the document form whatever entry
that they sent to the CDC?
Yeah, so every state law, you know,
all the state laws are different,
but most of the states have a law
where a death record must be created within,
it's like usually 48 hours.
So they create a record, not everything's filled out.
I mean, they haven't done the autopsy,
they haven't done a lot of stuff.
They get the person's name,
they get the date and time of death
and the physician attending or the medical examiner.
Medical examiners get the bodies usually within 24 hours.
So they create the record
and then they start filling it out.
When it gets to a certain point,
they get the causes of death, they write it,
then they send it to the CDC.
And what's it?
It is a database on a spreadsheet
that is in the case of Massachusetts,
350 in different columns.
It has race, gender, you know, date of birth,
date of death, everything in there.
Okay, and now concretely,
I keep one thing Minnesota, the state is Minnesota,
the city's Minneapolis, a Minneapolis,
what does the state send to the CDC
in the initial report of George Floyd's cause of death?
But I can't say definitively,
I can just say that whatever was there
doesn't seem to be what's there now
because the software will run
on what was sent to the CDC originally by Minnesota.
And it will look at the last cause listed in part one
as the UCOD, usually.
Now, there are probably something in the algorithm
within the transax ACME software
that pulls something else out.
I don't know the details.
The manual is online, it's a reference in my book
that transax ACME user manual.
You can go to the CDC website and find it
or you can find my book and get the reference.
We're gonna, I'm glad you haven't put that link in yet,
but I will.
It's now a good time to bring this up, John.
Sure, absolutely.
Now, so this is, you're gonna have to walk us through this,
but explain what's going on here.
I can zoom in if you would like me to.
Yeah, that's great.
Wow, now you did a great job.
Okay, so this is not a death certificate.
The spreadsheet is 315 columns wide
and I have to drag my fingers across the sheet
many times to get to the right column.
So what I did is I created this template
and all I do is type in his share file number
for everybody's assigned a unique number
and it populates this visual representation
of George Floyd's death certificate.
If I may ask you now, so you created this template,
is that to say you could pull up this template
for every one of the entries
of the nine years of data that you have?
Yes.
Okay.
Any one of probably Minnesota has about 420,000
deaths certificates in the database?
This is, I mean, this stuff makes me,
makes my head short circuit.
This is like creating an Excel spreadsheet
that extracts the data,
populates it into this predetermined thing.
So you have the date of death,
the gender or the sex surname city
and then you got the ACME universal cause of,
or underlying cause of death, sorry, all this stuff.
So you have these, we're gonna show this
because you got another one here
which with the name blacked out
and we'll get to that in a second.
So you get the data, you've created this template
to simplify the otherwise non-digestible data
in the CDC's database?
Yes.
It's just an easier visual representation.
It helps me a lot in efficiency
of looking through data as well.
Okay.
And now we'll go through the obvious stuff here.
You got the date of death is May 25th, 2020.
Floyd, Minneapolis, X42, ACME, UCOD.
This I know is critical.
What does that mean?
If you scroll down to the bottom, I can read it.
All right.
So X42 is accidental poisoning by
and exposure to narcotics and psycho dysleptic hallucinogens,
not elsewhere class but.
So they have a specific code for that underlying cause of death.
That actually works for math.
There are acute cocaine overdoses,
acute meth overdoses, it works for all of them.
It's poisoning by, you know, a drug.
If you know this offhand,
how many of those do they get in a year in Minnesota?
Well, on this particular one,
on the bottom of the right side, it says,
there you go, 348 records in Minnesota were the UCOD.
In 2020?
In 2020, along.
Okay.
348 were the underlying cause of death was X42,
which is accidental poisoning by exposure to narcotics
or psycho dysleptics.
Don't know what that means hallucinogens,
not elsewhere classified.
Okay.
I'm going to come back up.
This is where I should come, John.
Sure, sure.
So the important thing to look at here is part one.
Part one is causes.
Part two is other significant conditions contributing.
A lot of times they put like smoking, obesity,
things like that, usually go in part two.
If something was in the causal chain of events
that caused death, it's usually in part one.
So what you're looking at here is cause A,
which is the immediate cause.
And this probably should have been broken up to be ABCD.
And by the way, for your audience,
different states and different people,
especially doctors, physicians that are not medical examiners,
they do a horrible job.
Sometimes they write these things backwards,
they're all over the place.
So in this case, it was a medical examiner.
So it should be right.
Cardiopulmonary arrest,
complicating law enforcement,
subdual restraint and neck compression.
Now, cardiopulmonary arrest means his heart stopped
and he stopped breathing.
And if you fall off a building and you die
by hitting the ground, your heart stops,
but there's no point in putting it on there.
It's put on these death certificates
because it was something leading up to the heart stop
and then the heart finally stopped.
And the other issue before we go on
is that these are counted as heart-related issues.
This is, well, they say heart deaths have increased.
I-46, which is what this is.
It is on very many death certificates where the heart,
there was no problem.
It's just their heart stopped.
The I-469 Cardiopulmonary arrest unspecified.
There it is.
So that's another thing we can talk about some other time.
So people spouting data.
All the PhDs, MDs, and everybody looking at CDC data,
they think they're looking at accurate data
that has to do with the heart, but it's not.
So let's get back to George Floyd.
So they're saying that the neck compression killed him.
It was the immediate cause, his heart stopped.
That's what did it.
That's it.
And by the way, he also had, in part two,
atherosclerosis.
Arteriosclerotic and hypertensive heart disease,
fentanyl intoxication, recent amphetamine use,
does that mean contemporaneous with the death,
or does that mean like within the last week?
The latter, more likely, otherwise they would have written
intoxication, which means it was in his blood at the time.
Which we have with the fentanyl intoxication
in the last place right before.
Okay.
They also use the word acute very often to describe
like acute fentanyl intoxication means
it happened in the moment.
I'm surprised it doesn't say acute here.
So, you know, yeah, I don't know how they call it
the UCOD when it's, first of all, it's in part two.
So the software, Acme and Transac software by the CDC,
how did it possibly read this?
Now, this is the death certificate as it currently is.
How did it, and when I say currently, I mean, as of November,
was the last time I got this database.
So how did they get the X42 to be the acne use
the COD from that software if it's in part two,
and part one is that he died from the knee on the neck?
I mean, the underlying cause of death
is the root cause of death.
Something, in my opinion, and I don't, you know,
you can't know anything for sure
unless you dive into the code of the Acme Transac.
But how does the death certificate as it is now
represent an X42 as a UCOD?
It doesn't.
So I believe, and I originally tried to just,
I just wanted to get the information
to the defense attorney and get out of it.
Cause I don't wanna deal with the George Floyd situation.
I have more things, I don't want people shooting arrows
at me for this.
But the original death certificate, I seriously doubt,
had that as cause one.
That's also kind of a weird phrase that I've never seen.
And by that as cause one, you mean,
cardiopulmonary arrest.
See, I'm just trying to make sure I even understand
what it says.
It sounds like he had a heart attack which complicated.
It's not a heart attack.
That's the problem.
Everybody thinks this is a heart attack.
All this means is that your heart stopped.
That's a cardiac arrest, right?
Your heart stopped.
That's all I mean.
I'll read it this way then.
Heart stopped complicating law enforcement.
I don't even read that as heart stopped
because of law enforcement subdual.
Unless I'm reading it wrong.
I know it is not written the way I have ever seen a physician
or medical examiner write the death certificate.
And I've looked at probably tens of thousands by now.
So now after a year and a half.
And to understand this data,
this is the template that you've compiled from the data
on the CDC that was sent back from the CDC to the state.
That's correct.
So someone hypothetically could say,
well, the CDC got the coding, the UCOD wrong,
sending it back and the original recommendation,
for lack of a better word, would have been suffocation
or what a subdual net compression.
So someone's gonna say,
how do you know where that error came from?
Is it coming from the CDC sending it back
with the wrong code?
Or did someone change it and only change part of it?
Well, that's where the defense attorney
really needs to look into this.
It's very serious if the original death certificate
from the medical examiner who did the autopsy
originally had the fentanyl toxication
as the root cause of death.
And then somebody changed it after it went back to the state
in order to meet a narrative.
They're trying to push on the people.
That really needs to be looked into by a defense attorney.
Just the fact that X42 is there.
It's still there and they haven't fixed it
to match what the words say.
See, the X42 on this same record as cause A,
they don't match.
And now typically they would batch.
Yeah, I mean, go to the right
and let's see that other one, right?
To explain what we have here.
This is another individual who died
and the underlying cause of death
is the same as George Floyd.
This is same year.
So we got different city certifiers.
So this is the only one out of the other one
out of the 348 that does not have
in the written cause A, B, C, D fentanyl overdose.
So this is like George Floyd's in that it is an aberration
and 348 records.
I look through every single one of them
and every single one has fentanyl intoxication
as the last cause.
I'm just comparing, you got fentanyl intoxication
for both of these in part two.
In part two, yep.
These are the, that's the only one.
I didn't, and I only found this yesterday, David.
The only other one in the, in the of the 348 that has a
X42 without it being in the part one cause of death.
What does foreign body ask?
I mean, I know what it means, but does that mean choking?
I could, yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, he aspirated something that's not supposed to be
in your lungs into his, into his lungs.
Maybe he breathed in a, well, I don't want to speculate.
No, I mean, I could just imagine maybe,
I don't know if that would be the same description
for choking on your vomit as an OD, for example, but.
Yeah, they usually write that.
And then we got here, injury, description,
ingested, injected illicit drugs.
And if we go to injury description,
this decadent experience, a cardiopulmonary arrest
while being restrained by law enforcement officers.
So 348 all have X42 and they are demonstrable X42.
So that's, that's.
Yeah.
That has that as the number one cause of death
in the description.
If you, I don't know if you loaded the other pages,
but the other pages, oh, you did, wow.
Here we go.
All right.
I'm going to bring it out, hold on like this.
There you go.
Okay, now tell us what's going on here.
So what you're looking at,
well, I just wanted to show you that the,
there's not an ME listed on George Floyd's record.
I don't know why.
It says medical examiner case.
Why does it not say medical examiner case?
Was that removed?
Why is the medical examiner not signing up
for having written this death certificate?
You would think that the seriousness of the case,
somebody would put their name to it, right?
Put their, their profession to it.
Can I scroll up to the top?
Who do we see up here as the certificate surname?
What does this mean, Baker in?
Oh, his last name is Baker.
Oh, okay.
It wasn't.
He doesn't bake donuts, no.
Okay.
So that's not, no, but I thought,
I thought that was maybe the, the certifier of the city.
So he is, he is the, now it doesn't say there.
I could look it up actually.
Whether or not he's a medical examiner
or a physician attending or a nurse practitioner.
Okay.
And so this data that we're seeing here
is compiled from George Floyd's data from the CDC.
The, the, every line is a different person.
These are records of every different person
where you see on that line,
cardiopulmonary arrest,
complicating law enforcement,
subdual restraint, neck compression.
That's George Floyd where the arrow is.
Okay.
If you go to the next,
go to the next slide, I'll show you some.
Okay.
So this is cause A, cause B, cause C.
What's in red is where it says fentanyl.
Now, because,
remember I said the UCOD is the last one listed.
So if there's only something listed in A,
then that's the last one.
And all of those that are in red
with the red bar under A on the left,
those all say either fentanyl or,
or math or something like that.
The, the red squares,
the three red squares to the right,
you see two of them are in cause B.
And it says fentanyl.
That's the last one listed.
And then you go out to C,
there's one there,
the last cause listed,
fentanyl toxicity.
So I'm showing you that every one of those other
348 records are correct in that the UCOD
is the last cause listed on the death record.
And on the screen right now,
there are probably 10, 20, 30,
there's over 30 people listed out of the 348.
I didn't want it.
And oh, there's the next screen.
I'm not going to give you the whole 348,
but all of these were in cause A,
which was the last one listed.
So the software was working fine.
I think somebody intervened in the software
and changed something.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay.
And this has, has this been mentioned publicly yet?
I don't really know.
No, it's only, there were probably four or five of us
who knew this for the last month.
I tried to contact a very well-known doctor.
I didn't understand what side of the case he was on.
So we had a confusing conversation at first.
And then, and we figured it out.
It's like, all right, we shouldn't talk.
And then I just want the truth to go to the defense attorney
because everybody's got their opinions.
The worst this was was involuntary manslaughter
because Floyd was in the care of the officer
who had a legal duty to act.
And determine his status.
That that's the worst it could be as involuntary manslaughter.
I don't see how it can be anything else.
Yeah, I'm just Googling right now.
I think Derek Chauvin is now pro se.
I think he's representing himself.
Yeah, yeah, I read that.
So I don't even think he's got an attorney anymore.
So that's, and what can it be done to obtain
in as much as it could potentially exist,
the original data information sent from the state
to the CDC, which would confirm or contradict
what the CDC sent back to the state.
I mean, you know the law better than I do,
but if I were George, if I were Chauvin,
or as attorney, I would ask the state for the evidence.
I mean, it's number one, it's Brady evidence, right?
And secondly, you should be able to get it on a state FOIA.
And then thirdly, you should get it on a federal FOIA
because the record was in the hands of the CDC,
which is federal entity.
So the chain of custody of that, that's certificate.
And the original one written and every version of it
should be obtained by defense counsel.
You've got more time, right?
If we're gonna go over to Rumble,
and then I'll keep you there
and we'll start talking a bit about some of the COVID stuff
for a bit.
You got a little bit more time?
Absolutely.
Okay, so, and that does it for Chauvin.
These are the questions, this is the data,
and there's something that doesn't make sense
that needs to be made sense of
if it means nothing more than cramming.
What is it, a square peg into a circle hole,
or is it a circle peg into a square hole?
There's information that requires clarification
because the underlying cause of death code
coming back from the CDC does not match
the conviction information
and the other data on the CDC's info space place.
That was a one egg of a way to sing database.
Okay, what we're gonna do now, everybody,
just give us two seconds,
I'm gonna give everyone the link.
So, you're coming over to Rumble
because also, I'm not scared of YouTube,
but they might not like some of the stuff
that you're gonna tell us,
which I might snip and clip and stick out there anyhow.
Get on over to Rumble, and we're gonna end on YouTube,
or go to vivabarnslaw.locals.com
for those of you who might not be able to access Rumble
if you happen to be in France,
and I saw that chat from earlier on,
go to vivabarnslaw.locals.com,
we're streaming there as well now.
So, one thing's for certain, we're ending on YouTube.
So, Rumble or Locals see there in five, four, three, two, one.
All right, John, let's get into some,
let's get into, my questions,
we're going back to the first question
of the apportioning or the deaths that occurred
for the five years prior to COVID
compared to the three and a half going on four years after.
You said that there were an average of however many,
but 8,000 excess deaths in the peak of the curve
that we all had to kill ourselves to flatten,
no pun intended.
Flush that out a little more
because I presume now the excess deaths in 23 and 22
far exceed the excess deaths that occurred
at the height of the pandemic, and even in 2021.
No.
Damn.
No, well, first of all, it depends on where you are.
Where people get it wrong,
a lot of big names get it wrong
is that they think data has integrity and veracity
and it doesn't.
You have to go state by state
and you have to learn the custom and practice
of the medical examiners and doctors
who are filling out that certificates in those states.
One state might say something to do with cancer
and bone and marrow and another state might be like,
yeah, it's like bone cancer or whatever.
It comes out completely different
when it gets translated into ICD 10 codes.
In Michigan, the C4-1 bone and particular cartilage cancers
are very high and in Massachusetts, C7-9-5,
bone and bone marrow cancers are high.
So I just wanted to say there that
there are differences by state.
So what happened by state?
Really, I got to shorten this up.
More than 4,000 people died in Massachusetts,
I believe from the vaccine and I can show that with data
and I can back it up with individual cases,
especially Breonna was 30 years old,
high school English teacher,
got the Moderna, reacted in hours, terrible headache,
went to the ER headache was so bad.
She went back to the ER again, terrible headache,
take Tylen, I'll go home.
She didn't recognize her sister,
the family brought her in,
they cut a hole in her head to relieve the pressure,
didn't work because clots were all through her head.
She had a seizure, paralyzed in half her body,
she was brain dead in a couple of days,
they took her off life support in two weeks
and they wrote on her death certificate.
COVID.
And six doctors from Harvard Medical College
and Beth Israel Beaconist Medical Center
wrote a report about her entitled,
Fatal Post-COVID mRNA Vaccine Associated Cerebral Ischemia,
which means.
Bleeding on the, well, is it bleeding, right?
No, no, no, it's the other, that's hemorrhagic.
Okay.
What that means, real short, sorry,
the vaccine killed her by stroke.
That's what that means.
They're telling you in the title,
the vaccine killed her by stroke.
Fatal dead, right?
Post-COVID mRNA vaccine,
so after the COVID mRNA vaccine,
Associated Cerebral Ischemia,
which is stroked by clots
and blocking downstream oxygenation of cells,
so your brain cells die.
Chats, correct me, clotting.
So it was a 50-50 and I got it wrong.
And if I may ask the obvious question,
what does her death certificate say to this day?
It still says COVID as the last in part one,
which I was talking about moments ago
with regard to George Floyd.
So the last thing listed is COVID-19.
Now, even in the six-page medical report,
it says she was asymptomatic for COVID three months earlier,
which was really four and a half months
because I've talked to an extended family member.
But regardless of three or four and a half months,
she reacted to the vaccine in hours
and she was brain dead in two days.
Whereas she had COVID three to four and a half months earlier
without symptoms, just a positive test,
and they told the world on her death certificate
that COVID caused her death.
That's one of, so what I do is I take the data
that shows that people are dying from strokes
or cardiac arrhythmia, pulmonary embolism,
acute post-traumatic anemia, thrombocytophenia,
those graphs are through the roof,
like you've never seen anywhere else.
And what I do is I trace those down to people.
I correlate them to VAERS records with the same age,
the same death date, the same gender,
and same other symptoms.
And I know I have the right person
and then I can ascertain the vaccination date
from the VAERS record.
In all of this data, there's, like I said,
there's nothing else like this in the world
with absolute proof.
But now you said, just to show
that I'm not an idiot, everybody,
that much of an idiot, hold on.
In Canada, more people than expected
are dying in Canada for 2023,
for reasons that are not yet clear.
So the excess mortality in Canada is definitively out.
But I'm asking this, you would be able to tell
if there's not excess mortality overall
because now all of the, and I'm not saying this
to be glibber or crass,
all of the old fragile people have pretty much,
you know, got killed in the first wave of this.
So there might not be excess deaths as a raw number,
but there would certainly be excess deaths
within certain age brackets.
You got it.
You got the whole Kitten kaboodle there.
That's what says it all.
So the deaths I cited it.
So Massachusetts is very different from the world.
Okay, New York, New Jersey, and Massachusetts.
600 pharma companies in Massachusetts
with 47 billion in venture capital financing.
There are 10 companies in massive pharma companies
in Massachusetts with over a billion in revenue.
50 companies with over 100 million in revenue.
Moderna's headquarters, I drive by on my way to Costco
to go by groceries.
Pfizer's divisional headquarters for their mRNA vaccine
is in Andover, Massachusetts.
So you've got R&D, marketing and manufacturing
in Massachusetts for these vaccines.
And in New York City, you've got Wall Street,
where the executives for pharma live,
and you've got New Jersey as a suburb,
those three ran away from the world
and purported COVID deaths per population
in the first months of COVID, the first year.
Belgium was a distant fourth.
I'm talking in the world.
Why did Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey,
half a world away from China have the most COVID deaths
because it was mostly fraud.
90% of the COVID deaths in mass were fraud.
They weren't COVID.
And so, but there was excess deaths.
It was caused by a lot of protocol deaths,
recommendations from the CDC.
And people say, well, why would doctors kill people knowingly?
Well, they're not knowingly.
They're just following the recommendations of the CDC.
I mean, I presume you were able to also confirm the data
that the ventilators killed more people
than they potentially ever saved.
Oh, well, absolutely.
In addition to the book that's right there,
the real CDC, all right.
And I'm not trying to copy the real Anthony Fauci.
I wrote under the name Kocan de Chiena,
which is Naughty Dog in French,
and the initials of which just happened to be CDC.
You said, Kocan de Chien?
Yeah.
Okay, Kocan is a, okay, find out.
I'm sorry, I didn't understand your accent there, sir.
Okay.
Yeah, well, I don't see the CDC.
All right, sorry, go on.
Now, so I just happened to write under that name,
because I like El Gato Malo, the bad cat,
and I'm French, so I made it, and I like dogs,
so I made it the bad dog, right?
So the book, I was like, well, I'm the real CDC,
with a little D for Duh.
Anyway, the second document I have coming out,
around the same time, hopefully before Christmas,
is called the CDC Memorandum.
It's 100 pages of factual allegations
being enumerated in a legal type,
memorandum double-space, double-line-space.
Along with legal analysis of uttering,
involuntary manslaughter, depraved heart murder,
and felony murder, and it has a lot of ventilator deaths.
I have six files right now.
Each file is several thousand pages of medical records
for people who were killed in hospitals.
There's, Danielle was 95% oxygen when she went in.
They hit her with remdesivir immediately.
The EU away from desivir was like April, May of 2020,
and then October 22nd.
That still didn't kick in the acute renal failure deaths.
They started after November 2nd.
That's the monetary, CMS.gov date,
where they get 20% extra.
Everything was behavior modification
through financial incentives.
That's what the CARES Act was,
was a behavior modification of the entire health industry
to steer doctors and hospitals toward using
whatever medication they wanted them to use.
So all the money that flowed,
and they didn't care how much money flowed,
it was trillions to kill people.
They just did what they were told, the doctors do.
If you could briefly flesh that out.
We've heard discussion about it.
I've always seen financial incentives
to declare certain deaths COVID deaths.
Financial incentives to administer certain types
of treatment, remdesivir ventilators.
You got it.
I mean, Walter Williams,
if you want more of something, subsidize it.
They subsidize something and they knew the behavior
that would flow from their written words.
And the behavior is the doctors
and the hospital administrator is going to tell the doctors.
And I know a doctor moved out of state
because he didn't want to kill people.
And he told me what they were doing.
They had a 95% oxygen guy come in.
They put him on a ventilator
because the administrators told the doctors,
if you don't do that, we're all going to die.
Because the ventilator contains the aerosols to the patient
and the CPAP doesn't.
So if you don't put them on the ventilator,
then the nurses are going to die,
the doctors are going to die.
So the doctors put them on a ventilator
to save the doctors and nurses and they killed people.
I mean, basically, I mean,
other than jamming something down his lungs,
put a bag over his head.
I mean, make him make him,
I know that they oxygenated
and it's not like inhaling CO2,
but this was, and I forget who the guest was,
that basically confirmed in the early days,
they were doing this as a matter of not helping the patient,
but protecting the staff even out of their irrational fear
of inhaling the same air in the same room.
And they got incentives for the ventilators, Remdesivir.
When did it become clear that Remdesivir was correlated with,
I won't say cause because I'm not a doctor,
correlated with renal failure, organ failure?
I don't know about the general public, but in the data,
I have for both Massachusetts and Minnesota.
The Minnesota is actually,
both of them are very stark
if you understand how to read waveforms.
Now, I'll just say that COVID had a very high wave
in Massachusetts.
Remember, I said Massachusetts is very different,
the first wave,
we scared the world into believing
that this was far worse than it was.
So you have this high wave of COVID
and then you have another smaller wave
in the winter of COVID, there's no correlation.
And in Minnesota, let's say there's a smaller wave of COVID,
renal failure did not go up with COVID in 2020.
And then in the end of the year,
it still did not go up with COVID at the end of 2020.
And in 2021, so I told you the money kicked in November 2nd,
around two weeks after that time,
so end of November, December, all of a sudden,
acute renal failure and COVID deaths
start paralleling each other perfectly, the curves,
they follow each other, like they're swimming together,
it's perfect.
And the renal failure deaths just take off, like a rocket,
2000 extra acute renal failure involved deaths
in Massachusetts alone, in 21 and 22.
That's just Massachusetts, 600 in Minnesota.
Sorry.
No, it just makes sense of this for the adults like myself.
The reason why this is relevant is
because you didn't see renal failure
with the initial wave of COVID,
but now you're seeing it
with a subsequent waves of COVID,
coupled with whatever the order was
to the practical order to treat COVID with remdesiviors.
Well, the order to treat them was there earlier.
But the financial is that they're kicked in.
When the money kicked in, okay, it's the money.
When the money kicked in, the behavior changed.
That's just the way it is.
What was it again, the date at which the money kicked in
and what was the name of that order?
It had three letters to it?
Oh, if you go to CMS.gov, you can find it.
It's on November 2nd.
So if you do, again, links in my book,
I can't memorize, I get hundreds of references.
But yeah, if you go to CMS.gov
and you look for COVID protocols, COVID treatments, drugs,
you'll find barisit nib, which is another one
that they think killed people and remdesivirring.
And David, I don't necessarily believe
that remdesivir alone took out people's kidneys.
I believe it's a combination.
Every single one I've found, vancomycin is there.
And a doctor told me, no, it can't be vancomycin.
It's like vancomycin is a kidney killer.
Absolutely is.
And by vancomycin, go ahead.
Sorry.
So just like I thought I was sufficiently black-pilled,
John, thank you for making me even more black-pilled.
I think this is at CMS issued an interim final rule
with a comment period that established
the new COVID-19 treatment, add-on payment,
under the Medicare inpatient perspective payment system.
These things were foreign to me.
The NCTAP designed to mitigate
the potential financial disincentives for hospitals
to provide new COVID-19 treatments
was effective from November 2nd, 2020
until September 23rd, is that it?
The NACT, oh, so maybe that's not exactly
what I thought it was going to confirm what you said there.
Yeah, if you go down there,
allumiant is barisit nib.
And veclary, if you go down to the bottom,
look for veclary.
Yeah, here we go.
See what it says next to veclary.
Remdesivir.
The second word in that paragraph, Remdesivir.
And that's January 21.
Well, that's, that was the,
these are just things that they're re-approving
and redoing those dates.
But the key date there you saw at the beginning
is November 2nd.
Holy crap apples, okay.
Now it gets a lot worse than that.
You want to keep going?
You have to laugh or cry at those are the two options.
Well, I mean, in 2020, excuse me,
in 2022 when I got the data,
the first thing I did was I wrote a bunch of code
in spreadsheets.
I wish I could write SQL SQL, but I can't.
So I did it in spreadsheets.
And I just, I told the 2020 and 2021 columns
to turn yellow, whichever one was greater.
And when I put in all the codes
and I did analyses on all the years,
the greater access of respiratory codes was in 2020.
So pneumonia, like people were dying
from pneumonia, ARDS, COPD more than normal in 2020.
Then all of a sudden they start vaccinating in 2021
and all the I codes which are circulatory
and decodes which are blood.
So anything to do with a blood or blood transport system,
they went through the roof, they blew away the pneumonia,
cardiac arrest, cardiac arrhythmia,
like young people dying in their sleep
or dying on the sports field, pulmonary embolism,
clots and lungs, tons of those, post hemorrhagic anemia.
That means sudden blood loss anemia.
That means, and I looked through them,
more than 89% were non-traumatic.
Which means you randomly start having internal bleeding.
Yep, yep, you weren't hit by something
that the surgeon didn't make an oopsie
in the operating room.
Oh no, John, you're wrong.
They were magically hit.
They were suddenly hit by climate change.
It's a sports drink.
So what's the other one there?
Oh my goodness.
So when people say, I'm noticing from my own,
what's the word, just observation,
a lot more people of middle age dropping dead in their sleep.
And then it was like, well, you have no data.
Do you have data to support that that is a cause of death
has increased?
Whether or not we want to say it's the long COVID,
that has increased and we're not like tricking ourselves?
I do, the hard part is showing it to people.
You can show it to scientists, right?
Who aren't people, but regular people.
You show them a graph and they're like,
I don't remember school, you know?
It's tough.
You really nailed it at the beginning, though,
when you said bunch of old people.
So it creates what's called a Simpsons paradox.
So if you have two things happening,
one is low and one is high,
and you combine them and say, oh, look at what I have.
Well, what you have is zero.
Negative one and positive one are zero.
But if you saw them independently, you'd say,
well, why are those low and why are those high?
So what happened in 2020 in nine weeks in Massachusetts
created Simpsons paradoxes that will last three,
four, five years.
And that means all the old people died.
Who would die?
They died early.
Did they die six months early, a year early?
I mean, it peanut butters over time.
But what that did was when it went back to normal,
it shouldn't have been normal.
It should have been a deficit of excess deaths.
It should have been a deficit, but it wasn't
because the younger people were dying from the vaccine
and they were filling in that deficit
that the old people left.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, well, for sure, the initial waves go through,
they take up the week in the elderly.
And so you have an increase there,
the young who are not yet succumbing to whatever it is.
And then those 10th, let's just take Massachusetts.
Those 8,000 old people who died in 2020
are not there in 2022 to die.
But the number remains the same
because other people have filled their shoes.
And even in the young people,
let's look at the young people who died in the year of COVID.
You've got Down syndrome, you've got cerebral palsy,
all kinds of genetic disorders
where people were somewhat unhealthy
through their younger years
and they didn't make it past seven or 10 or 12.
Those are the kids who died with COVID.
Like what did they really die from?
Not sure, but they died with COVID.
Those week, and I hate to say it like that, right,
susceptible to various types of death,
they were gone in 21 and all of a sudden you've got athletes
dying on basketball courts and cross country running.
And that did not happen in 2020 from COVID.
None of those people died from COVID.
Let me, I'll ask you these steel men rebuttal.
People are gonna say, there was the data that said,
X amount more athletes died or collapsed this year
than in previous years.
The rebuttal to that is, well, there was one case
of they found one example who wasn't an athlete
and then the flip side argument also they say,
well, we're now include, there are more athletes now
and we're including more people in the athlete category
than we did back in 2016, for example.
So that skews the numbers.
Do you have a concrete way of rebutting that rebuttal?
Absolutely.
It's crazy to look at data in those cases.
The cases are so few, you look and see in their heart,
their heart's being attacked by ASNafils or lymphocytes.
So certain types of white blood cells
that do not respond necessarily to COVID,
they do respond to the vaccine.
So the vaccine creates a system where when the cells
are transfected by the vaccine, by the lipid nanoparticles,
the body responds with ASNafils,
a certain type of white cell and it attacks the heart muscle
or it attacks the endothelium in your brain.
So the endothelium, the inside lining
of all your blood vessels is called endothelium, right?
They're endothelial cells.
They are the first that are transfected by the vaccine.
It doesn't stay in your arm.
We know that, we were told it stays in your arm, it doesn't.
It goes around your body.
If you hit a vein with that injection,
if you're the one in 50, one in 200, pick a number.
I mean, there's no number that's good for me.
I'm not joining that death lottery,
but if you do take a hit in your vein,
it's going somewhere and if it goes to your heart,
it takes out your heart.
If it goes to your brain, it takes out your brain.
It goes into the cells.
The cells say, ah, this isn't human, kill me.
So T cells come and they attack
and they eat away a hole in your endothelium.
So your poke and holes in the capillaries in your vein,
your body responds by clotting, everything's messed up.
These are not vaccines.
People got to get it through their heads.
These are, they changed the definition of vaccine.
You know that in order to call them vaccines.
These are gene drug therapies never before used
in humans on mass.
I'm going to see if I can pull up the article
that said that the CDC guidance
when administering the vaccine was not to aspirate
because that would make that,
that would make a needle reluctant people
even more reluctant to get the jab.
So you don't aspirate.
You don't even know that you haven't tapped into a vein.
And then you can inject the jab directly into a vein
which you're not supposed to do
under any circumstances from what I understand.
Right.
So it's called the pink book by the CDC.
It was put out by two nurses.
Their names are on the web.
I have them as references.
If not in my book, then it's in my lawsuit against the governor.
And in that, the nurses state,
we don't want the patient to be uncomfortable.
Needle wiggle might cause discomfort.
So not only do not aspirate,
but inject as fast as you can.
Like, are you kidding me?
So both of those things are terrible.
And in the next paragraph,
they write in the paragraph after that,
they write, we don't have any scientific evidence for this.
We just think it'll be more comfortable for the patient.
That's how dumb this whole thing is.
The whole world follows the CDC.
The CDC had two nurses write this pink book
on how to inject with no scientific evidence of what's better.
Mark Giridault out of France has done so much work
in studying a ball of BOLUS.
That's, you inject to get a whole bunch of travels to somewhere.
Now, why do you think aortic dissections are happening at the arch?
And why are they there?
Now, I'm an engineer, so I'm thinking,
the density of the lipid nanoparticles
is different than the rest of the fluid in the blood.
When it goes around the arch,
there are Bernoulli equations for fluid dynamics
that will say where are those going to go
based on the relative density?
And if it's at the same spot,
if the aortic dissections are happening at the same spot,
you can say something different from blood
is going to that spot based on the relative density.
And based on fluid dynamics,
you could say, yep, the lipid nanoparticles
are causing the body to eat a whole.
And that's people's aortic arches are blown apart.
I'm going to have to read this more thoroughly afterwards,
but I just came across this.
Although the syringe aspiration
may increase the level of pain in the injection site,
it represents a simple technique
to decrease the risk of vaccine introduction
into the vascular system
and potentially decrease the risk of severe reactions
to mRNA and adenoviral vaccines.
We are of the opinion that it cannot be disordered.
I'm going to read this afterwards.
That just struck me because I knew that.
Or at least I thought I knew that.
Just can't figure out where that where that article
in the NCBI is going.
Holy crab apples.
Do you have it?
Do you have any more doom pills?
Like is there a darker pill than the ones you've already given?
Oh man.
You know, it all comes down to systems, right?
And the experts are looking at medical and biological systems
and they're missing a lot of the behavioral
and almost all of this is behavioral.
The CARES Act and other acts that were written,
like CARES Act, by the way, was 2019, excuse me, 2019.
How did they know this was coming?
They just changed a few variables when they passed it in March.
It was written in 2018.
And everything to do with that
is behavior modifications for people to act differently,
which people, the doctors, nurses, and so forth.
You've got medical board coercion.
You have to understand the intersection of law, economics,
and psychology.
And that's where we are.
Because everything, David, when you meet people and I say,
well, you can't say that all these doctors
are killing people on purpose.
It's like, no, of course I'm not saying that,
but I can explain the behavioral system
that was put in place to make them do it.
And they knew ahead of time what they were doing.
I didn't start here, David.
I started, like, I don't believe anybody.
There's no way they're doing this.
Oh, there's no way.
The only way to mess with all cause death
is to actually kill people.
There's no way they're killing people.
I was wrong.
Well, and John, I've been saying it for a while.
I didn't start off on Nuremberg 2.0, but my goodness.
I'm there now.
If you have a few minutes, I'm just going to,
oh, there's some questions in our locals community.
Yeah, absolutely.
This is from mighty pisses.
Thank you, John.
I'm in Massachusetts, and there's still a majority
who are oblivious to the harms of the experimental injections.
Thank you for pursuing and exposing the truth.
Mighty pisses, mighty pay is peace in French.
Does John follow or work with ethical skeptic on Twitter?
I've tried.
He doesn't work with other people,
and he does a really good job.
I do very similar stuff, but I'm working
with record-level source data.
So I have a level of detail that nobody else can do.
Not only can I show the data, and data is only persuasive.
When you look down into the individual person
and you look through their obituary and you read about them,
and if you can get medical records,
that data is conclusive, not just persuasive.
And so I appreciate ethical skeptic's work.
We've had a couple of messages back and forth.
One thing that kind of handcuffs him
is he'll look at renal failure.
I think he was looking at, CDC puts out
something of renal failure.
It combines N17 and N18 that's chronic in the queue.
Well, the problem is the chronic went down
because a bunch of old people died,
and then they weren't available to die again,
and they died with chronic renal failure,
maybe stage one, two, three, or four.
And so then there's a deficit.
And when you combine the two,
there was a 20% increase in renal failure.
Like, okay, let me look at a queue.
You didn't have a problem before.
All of a sudden you have a problem.
Now, acute renal failure was up 100%, 100%.
Over 100,000 people in the United States
accessed more than normal
died of acute renal failure in the last two years.
Not including 2023.
And so there's even more.
So they murdered 100,000 people with these drugs.
It was a side effect of long COVID, John.
You'd be crazy if you think otherwise.
Entry required says, read my post comment
and have John Bodwen senior comment
on what you interpret the substance of my outrage
and disappointment with those that faltered and cave.
I presume that has to do with the jab.
I'll see if I can find that.
As much as big pharma is to blame for this,
and they are, they are not the only ones
lying on death certificates we need to never,
they are not the ones lying on death certificates.
That's from Pasha Moyer.
And there were some, there were some chats in the rumble,
which says, I'm not your buddy, guys,
says I'm, oh, these I can actually bring up
so we can see this.
I love that game.
What's amazing is, I see I'm not your buddy guy
on Bongino's feeds.
I see the same character, our same community
in various streams.
I'm not your buddy, guys, says Viva, I'm late.
Did you see Dan Bongino give you a shout out
on his show this morning?
No.
Unless this is an old stream.
In regards to George Floyd had bothered me
with the amount of censorship as I reported
the full body cam and YouTube removed.
Oh yeah, this is no question.
They needed to, I remember what I thought originally,
and then I watched the trial.
Green thumb nursing says,
Hey Viva, please have John Porter on,
he's launching a Canadian barter system.
Barter it, has been doing barter pay for decades,
huge freedom advocate from Ontario,
helping the United country.
Very cool.
I'm sure you must have seen him, John as well.
When I saw the Floyd video,
I said that looked like cardiac drug induced
or both, from that point on,
I was forever labeled a heretic.
And then Ginger Ninja says,
just to fulfill your fear,
click bait title, fake news,
every fear hides a wish, and so on.
So, at least I just got on a personal level.
What sort of backlash demonization have you gotten
as an individual human in the state of Massachusetts?
And what the hell are you still doing in that state?
You should come down to Florida.
It's nice here.
But what sort of backlash have you taken as an individual?
Well, I mean, I started out,
the whole mask thing was ridiculous, right?
So I sued the governor over the mask mandate
in May, end of May or early June of 2020.
He didn't like, they were afraid of my lawsuit.
So he changed the order for the entire state.
I'm deaf in one ear.
I got a shot when I was four years old,
stripped the mice in a penicillin mixed together.
It makes small kids go deaf.
So I have no hearing in my right ear.
So I said, you're depriving me of receiving free speech
from others, because I can't see their lips move
when you order them to cover their mouths.
To get around that, he made an exception
in paragraph 2B of order 55
that replaced the original order.
And that exception said,
not only does anybody hearing impaired not have to wear a mask,
but nobody speaking to anybody hearing impaired
had to wear a mask.
So I never had to wear a mask,
and people talking to me didn't,
and that took my standing, so I was booted on standing.
But I still kind of won a little victory.
Now, I went to play soccer over 56 league,
and I show up no mask.
The ref says, where's your mask?
I said, I have an exception from the governor.
I don't have to wear one.
And the ref walks away.
The other team, we start playing, hey, where's your mask?
Like, I don't have to wear one.
I have an exception from the governor.
They start swearing at me and yelling at me,
all 90 minutes.
My own team is saying, John, just put a mask on.
They put me to the turf three times, artificial turf.
My knees were bleeding,
like at least 20 square inches on each knee.
The scabs lasted eight weeks,
and they were hard dirty fouls from behind.
I went into the post office, not wearing a mask.
She said, wear a mask.
I said, I have an exception from the governor.
The clerk was like, okay, the people in line,
you're a sick man.
They start yelling at me and stuff.
I'm just trying to mail a package, right?
And then in Costco, put a mask on, like, I don't need to.
I'm still visualizing the first one.
You got a bunch of healthy middle-aged men
acting like a bunch of coward sissies saying,
put on a man, we're playing, are you outdoors or are you?
We're outdoors, growing around 110 yard soccer field.
And all these guys, this sweat flying,
it's not going everywhere.
People are bleeding, this bodily fluids everywhere.
And, you know, we play rough,
even though it's an over 56 league.
And they put a mask on, like, what the hell is wrong with you?
The mask isn't doing anything, grow a pair.
It's absolutely delusional.
I mean, this is how, like, what people say,
how did societies devolve into Nazi Germany,
out of Soviet Russia?
Look, it's not the same, but it's the same direction.
I mean, that's in, you can convince otherwise,
and they're probably intelligent, in quotes,
professional men who, or, you know, adults who have jobs
and they're very educated and they're smart,
and they've succumbed to absolute insanity.
I, when I went to law school, I'd be friended.
I'll just, I don't know if he wants his name out there.
Jeff Bowman.
So, Jeff Bowman had his legs blown off
in the Boston bombing.
And he has these mechanical legs.
There's a movie about him with,
oh, I forget the actor's name.
Jake Gyllenhaal plays him in the movie.
And, you know, the Boston city,
Boston Marathon bombing.
So, Jeff, you know, these mechanical legs are not,
it's tough to get around.
So, we step outside the classroom
after our first class in law school.
And the arrows on the floor is telling him to go to the right.
He can't go to the left.
The classroom is the next one to our left.
We had to walk the entire perimeter of the building
with his legs, right?
Why?
I mean, these people are crazy with their stupid rules.
Like, COVID only flows in one direction in our building.
He couldn't just walk ten steps to the left.
I said, just go, Jeff.
Nobody's going to say anything.
You're like, nope.
They want me to do this.
I'm going to show all I'm doing is.
So, I walked the whole building with him.
These people are nuts.
And they threw me out of law school for not getting the back.
So, I'm suing them.
What's the status of that lawsuit now?
Well, it was dismissed on standing, which is unbelievable.
I'm sorry.
You, the one who suffered the consequences, don't have standing?
Yeah.
How do they rationalize that?
Well, she rationalized it because I actually had a pro bono lawyer at the time who did the oral argument.
And the guy before me had some weak case where he was pro se, didn't have any money, didn't do any.
She was so nice and sweet and talking to him.
And then I get up there.
My lawyer gets up there.
It's like, yeah, this is about being thrown out of law school from not taking the vaccine.
You should have seen the stern look on her face and the way she talked to my lawyer.
She was decided already.
You know, but how do I not have standing?
I don't know.
I'm on appeal.
I got to, I got to figure out my, I got to do my brief for the appeal.
I'm just trying to even, I'm just trying to think like a scoundrel.
I can't figure it out.
They're saying I don't have any standing because was a likelihood of success in the merits.
That's for an injunction.
No, what did they say?
Nearly speculative.
It's the merely speculative prong of luhan versus defenders of wildlife.
You remember?
No, no, no.
So redressability and traceability.
It's garbage.
They just, I have, if you read it, if Barnes read that, he would laugh for a day.
Well, you do flip it to me, not, not for, for a slow news day.
I'll, I'll, I'll talk about tomorrow.
I, I, so I go there for a year.
I paid $28,000 before I went a day.
I said, I'm not taking the vaccine.
They wrote to me and said, don't worry.
You're over 30.
You don't have to take the vaccine in writing from the director of admissions.
They first said the director of admissions is not an agent of the school.
He has no authority to tell you that.
Like what?
I guess they never heard her respond.
I got superior.
Right.
And then I had a contract and then, oh, the judge said, well, he got his year of school.
Like, no, I didn't say contract for a year of school.
I contracted for a degree after three years.
If I keep my grades up and pay my money, it's an options contract.
You know, they, they, they're out of their minds.
So there's, there's no other way.
There's no other, but this is how you see a society devolved.
I remember having this discussion with my father in March, 2020.
You can see how quickly society goes crazy.
And then with enough indoctrination, fear porn media for three years.
It can convert even the holdouts from the beginning or turn others, you know.
Are you familiar with the Iqbal versus Ashcraft?
I know by name, but I will do some stronger refresh.
If you, if you have a minute, you have a minute to discuss.
Absolutely.
Okay. Great.
So Iqbal was a Pakistani who after 9 11 was grabbed in New York City and thrown into a federal.
Holding.
So they ended up deporting him back to Pakistan, but he says the guards beat him up.
A lot.
And that may have happened, but he sued under respond.
It's a period.
Right.
The guards all the way up to the attorney general of the United States, John Ashcroft.
The case was what was appealed and then appealed again.
It went to the Supreme Court.
Okay.
And the Supreme Court added a.
A clause of.
Not speculative, but.
The robustness of the claim on its face.
I'm not using the right words.
There's one word plausible.
It's plausible, right?
You didn't say enough to say that it's plausible.
Well, how come there's a 25 page limit and how am I going to say enough facts?
Anyway, Iqbal versus Ashcroft is the number one.
Assault on the rights of Americans.
They can.
If you sue the government over abridging your rights, whether it's the first.
Second or whatever amendment you can choose.
Iqbal will get you thrown out on standing.
No matter what, because it's left to the subjective whim of any judge to throw you out on standing.
Trump, not Trump, but the.
Texas and Missouri attorneys general that sued Pennsylvania for the election stuff.
You remember what they were throwing out on?
Standing.
You know what case they used to throw them out?
It was Iqbal versus Ashcroft.
I'm pulling this up while you're talking.
I've got to.
I got to make sense of it.
U.S. This is your case.
U.S. District Court judge.
Daniel Gorton sided with the state officials sued by John Paul Baudouin.
See your last year.
He didn't have a quote standing to bring the case because he failed to show quote concrete
that they were not responsible for the way he was taken off the enrollment list of the school.
It's I mean, who.
Hold on.
You got the wrong case.
Let me just.
So the case against the law school is in state court.
This case is against the governor of the health commissioner.
The chief medical examiner and four individual medical examiners for originally.
I used criminal statutes for fraud.
I also included civil action for deprivation and rights.
So the I've amended that complaint.
And it so they're saying I use third party doctrine.
I said the school would not have enacted the vaccine mandate and all other schools,
which won't let me in because I don't have the vaccine would not have enacted their vaccine mandates had the state not committed fraud on the death certificates that inflated the COVID deaths and they hid the vaccine deaths.
Now, they're saying it's not.
It's not plausible. There's so that the third prong of luhan versus defenders of wildlife is redress ability that if the court sided with me and made the state admit the truth about these deaths, would that change the mandates.
And I say, yes, it would. And they're saying, no, that's only speculative.
Okay, no, I mean, I want to find the other decision where you lack standing to be the one who's.
Yeah, it's a state court. It's a state court.
Oh, man. Now, what, so what are you working on now? Tell us what you have. You got the real CDC.com. And you got a book. What's the book is called.
The book is called the real CDC.
And the subtitle is public health crimes, 2020 to 2022.
That will be out within a couple of weeks. It's on pre-order at that site, the real CDC.com.
I have another publication coming out called the risk of asking the stupid question though. Will it be available on Amazon?
Oh, yeah, it's going to have to be. I didn't want to. I'm trying to get it. I tried to get away with it. It's been out for like a week. The website's been live.
And there's just not enough traffic and people are telling me they won't buy it until it's on Amazon because then it becomes real.
I didn't mean in terms of caving to the evil of Amazon. I think Amazon to the extent it gives the independence voices is it's still a tool. You'd have to be cutting off your nose to spite your face, not to use it.
I just wonder if they're going to eat you. I don't want to give anybody any ideas, not that they need me to, whether or not they're going to just, you know, find a reason to suppress or ban your book from the platform.
Oh, well, there's going through Amazon and it is going through Amazon. Books are a special thing at Amazon where they'll control everything about it.
I'm going to sell it on Amazon just as a product being sold on Amazon. So I don't have to worry about a best seller's list or anything like that.
But yeah, it'll be available there. And I have a bundle with another document I'm coming out with. And that is, oh, by the way, the book is for everybody. It's not for scientists and PhDs and stuff.
I write and show data in such a way that normal people can read it. And it's real. It's not confidence intervals and p values and statistical methods, which I think are inappropriate anyway that's a long discussion.
So the second document is called the CDC memorandum.
And notice of criminal liability, cease and desist and required action to the directors of the CDC FDA NIH 12 of their underlings. It'll be copied to at least six state attorneys general.
And I believe it will get before at least two grand juries to investigate the federal government.
And it's got 100 and I'm up to 120 pages of factual allegations enumerated lots of data.
You know, what oxygen level was somebody on this date and time. And then when were they put on a ventilator what drugs were they given. It's got all that it's got.
There's 150 pages of 400 graphs of various causes of death like nobody in the world has seen this level of detail of not only data but individual people.
And if they ignore it.
They're notified once they get it right so it's I'm going to have somebody serve it to them.
They will have been notified they can't say they didn't know. So the defense of ignorance of fact can never be used in the future.
I believe it brought before a grand jury.
And I believe a grand jury would find probable cause to indict them.
So they have the opportunity to set the world right and say what these vaccines are doing.
And I've proven it all there's enough in that in that document to burn them off.
So that's that's called the CDC memorandum it's also available at that site the real CDC. You can buy it in a bundle. I have the price wicked low right now I have to change it because everybody's buying the bundle.
You know, it's really cheap. I see the question for the lazy people. Is this going to be available on audio?
Probably not unless I get a lot of requests.
I don't know how graphs would translate into audio.
The CDC memo that sort of it sounds like it's structured the way was it Steve Deese's The Rise of the Fourth Reich.
Have you read The Rise of the Fourth Reich? No, I don't read much.
I didn't read it either. I listened to it. But it's sort of it's a book that's drafted in like sort of an opening argument.
It's like a trial of the crimes of the COVID era.
I hope I'm not mixing up books. I'm pretty sure that's what it is. And it's drafted like opening arguments witness testimony.
It's a book documenting everything that went down and went wrong during COVID drafted in sort of like an argumentative or argument brief style. It's it's actually it's very good.
And so what do you have coming so you got that?
There's a near future.
I'm driving up to New Hampshire right after this and going to talk to some state legislators.
There's a bill I drafted that's I'll leave it there. But if it goes through, it'll be pretty good.
I'm also involved in a grand jury team out in Oregon. They're at the Fifth Circuit right now on appeal. It's a it's a petition to put information in front of a federal grand jury to investigate the FDA and CDC for much of the same type of fraud I describe.
In fact, my my data is a big piece of it now.
And that's Dr. Henry Ealy, the Senator Kim Thatcher and Senator Dennis Lintagum state senators of Oregon. Those are the three petitioners or plaintiffs, if you will.
What else do I have going on? I have a lot of other stuff going on too. So I get that the two books.
Oh, my two lawsuits.
The bill up there. I've got things ready to go for three state attorneys general to start investigating this stuff. I mean, I have enough evidence to send it all down.
It's ready, ready to go.
Godspeed on that. I mean, it's this. I wish I hope I was just thinking today how like, you know, above and beyond the immunity from adverse effects or adverse events that's been gifted to these pharma companies.
They haven't been gifted shareholder immunity. I'm waiting for the first shareholder lawsuits to be filed based on false representations.
Yeah, so I look at overall systems and if I can get any type of is my doggy. I thought I should have the door. Yeah, let's see. Let's see. I'm going to back it. Let's see the dog. Can you pick him up or?
Come here, buddy. We're gonna have a dog off. I'm going to pick up.
Cooper, he's backing up.
Well, that's something you want. That's a beautiful dog.
Your backdrop is down.
Here we go.
That's Cooper. That's a beautiful dog. Oh, let me zoom in a little bit. That's a good looking dog.
Your backdrop fell down if you want to get it. Do you want me to take you out while you fix that or is that you're okay with?
I'll just fix you right now.
I'm going to show you this one here.
You got you got dogs.
There's two types of dogs. That's mine right there sitting. He's got a dog bed and he chooses to sleep on my backpack next to this crock.
And he's out and then we got the other one there who's sitting in her own.
No, she hasn't done anything yet.
John, you're doing amazing stuff. I don't know if people are discovering you for the first time today.
You came highly recommended by people who I don't want to disclose publicly, but people that I trust privately and personally who said,
highly recommended, trustworthy, smart and doing what very few other people are doing.
Thank you.
Appreciate that. Thank you for pushing.
I wish I knew who that was.
I'll tell you privately afterwards.
All right.
When I got, when I got, you know, I got the recommendation, I have to go to people that I trust to say,
am I, am I stepping in it or is this like, you know, legit?
And they said totally legit and.
Oh, there's so much chaos out there with, with people with fake stories and they exaggerate.
I don't exaggerate anything. I'm very conservative with everything I say.
Well, but it's, it's about me.
You know, you don't know me. So how would you know that I'm being honest?
No, but it's my, it's my own ignorance. Like, you know, there's levels to the, to the scrutiny of the stuff that we analyze.
And I know some names and I have my own circle.
They overlap within like this people that I've never heard of who I, you know, I, I, I wish I had heard of them and I wish I knew of them.
I go back and try to catch up on as much homework as I can.
But look, what you did with the weirdest.
The weirdest thing is like the guy came over to fix my internet yesterday. He's also an electrician.
So he came down and helped me out on the side. But I'm, I'm sitting there trying to tell him stuff.
It's like, you know, I know I'm just a guy in my basement talking to you about an electrical problem.
But I'm also the guy that has the best data in the entire world on COVID vaccines and COVID.
And nobody knows me. And I'm just, I'm just a regular guy.
But how do I tell people? Like, forget about all these studies, the randomized control peer reviewed, all that bullshit.
It's all BS, excuse my language. I don't know how you feel.
Oh, you're as far as much as you want.
All right. That's all bullshit, man.
If somebody dies in front of you and they have berry juice, I have this story about Tommy and the berry bush.
You know, Tommy was supposed to be back from the other village.
Get in and come back. They looked down at the end of the village.
Tommy's laying under a berry bush with berry juice coming out of his, his mouth with foam coming out of his mouth.
He's dead. And everybody goes, Oh my God, we have to have a funeral for Tommy.
Let's collect some berries and bake some pies for us all.
Like, no, don't eat the freaking berries.
It's obvious what happened. You don't need to know somebody dies in five minutes from the vaccine.
What do you need to know?
The problem is people are too heavily invested because they've sacrificed more than they ever wanted to sacrifice and they can't make themselves to admit it.
And with their own bodies, it's one thing. Like I could say, OK, fine.
I may have done something that I'd never do again had I known then what I know now.
But at least I didn't do, you know, expose other people to that, the people who I'm entrusted to care for, for the people who've done it.
How can you ever say, Oh my God, I might have done something that might have compromised.
You wouldn't believe this one.
It's so, and I have a dust certificate in Western Massachusetts.
A 16 year old girl died running cross country.
Limple histiocytic myocarditis.
OK, she died from myocarditis.
Her pronouns are in her obituary.
I'm sure she did everything that that whole cult said to do, including getting all her boosters and stuff.
Well, there is a woman, Dr. Sarah Goff in Western Massachusetts who
got some younger grad students together.
They wrote a paper and in the paper, they're saying how doctors should be censored from talking about the vaccine in social media.
You can't let doctors say anything bad about the vaccine in social media.
That was 10 months after the girl died.
Sarah Goff is her mother.
That's the mother of the girl who died from myocarditis.
Now, I'm going out on a limb here.
I think the vaccine killed her by myocarditis.
And yet, she's going and getting a bunch of people in Western Mass is extremely liberal, by the way, the whole Amherst area.
Really, really bad.
And they're in a cult.
I can't imagine her own daughter.
And now she wants all doctors silenced from social media.
They're not allowed to talk about the vaccine.
She can't face what she probably did.
And to some extent, can't blame her.
I didn't see this play.
My parents went to see this play in New York.
And all spoiler alert, the mother has been living with a hallucination of her kid the entire time.
And then you find out the kid's been dead from childhood, but the mother has been living with the memory, the ghost of the child.
Yeah.
How can you ever expect them to admit this to themselves and then also feel the wrath from everyone else who has had a similar experience
or exposed their children.
I understand that it's a total self-defense mechanism, but it's the most cowardly or self-preservation.
They don't come forward.
I've tried to talk to a couple of parents, and I gave up.
And I'm like, you know what?
I'm going forward with the data because I want to save the kids who are still alive.
I want to reach the parents to make sure they don't vaccinate their kids.
Everything has been so surreal and so weird the last few years.
I can't even believe I have all this information.
And, you know, I go back to St. Thomas Aquinas in libertarian theory, and that's where we need to be.
Centralized anything is the least efficient system, whenever you centralize power and control.
And the same thing happens with electrons on a circuit board.
If you have a CPU, a central processing unit, it's less efficient than if you have a processing unit that handles the communications.
One that handles graphics, one that handles arithmetic.
You have a distributed processing system is always better.
Now, central processing CDC FDA, they just killed a million people in the last three years.
They killed a million in the U.S.
They killed a million people.
And a million people with how many life years left?
I mean, not to be cynical, but the death of an 81 year old.
They don't have the life years, the productivity that the death of a 40 year old has.
You just hit on a very big part of the chapter of mine.
Life years lost is huge, huge.
It's orders of magnitude more than COVID itself.
Even if you count the COVID, they're lying about.
You're right about the 81.3 in Massachusetts was the first.
The average COVID death was above the average lifespan.
I mean, it was six years.
Yep, it was.
It's all in my book.
And I explain systems.
I'm a systems engineer.
I think in economic, the intersection of what economics morality.
So the side title of my second book is the pandemic is moral, not viral.
We have a pandemic of immorality where people will accept all these things that are happening and just shrug their shoulders and walk away.
Hey, your neighbor's kid was killed.
You know, you might want to step forward and support him.
You know, I got a move to New Hampshire.
I could get out of Massachusetts.
No, I had a high school friend had passed away and without identifying their sleep.
And then, you know, like another friend who's sort of aligned is at the funeral and like they mentioned, like, did she?
We know that this person has had some.
Any any correlation?
And then you immediately get the conspiracy theory stink.
I were like, Oh, you're one of your Trump.
You're a Trump supporter.
This conversation is over because it's easier to live with the light.
Did you go over and talk to the funeral director?
I did that a couple of years ago in twenty one is like, so, you know, you feel, feel them, feel them out for conversation.
And then all of a sudden they open up like, Oh, you wouldn't believe the stuff that's going on.
First of all, all these COVID deaths are BS and this is the funeral director.
You know, you get a real conversation when you kind of tease it out with somebody in a small setting.
There's no way they go public because the licenses you've given out are given out by the state for funeral directors.
Imagine that's the only thing you've ever done your whole career and you're making good money.
And if you say the wrong thing, the state can take your ability to make money.
I had a conversation with someone.
I was biking through the forest and start, you know, and we start talking and they turn, they work in healthcare.
And then it's immediate, like we're aligned.
We start talking and I was like, do you want to come on to discuss this?
I'm like, absolutely not.
I'll lose my job.
There's no way I'm doing this, especially in the political environment where it was.
It wasn't Florida.
John, do you have, do you have, will you have 10 more minutes?
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay, so we're going to do everybody.
We're going to go over to locals because there's a couple of questions there.
I'm going to get some locals chat and we'll finish it up there.
I was going to continue with some other topics, but it's, I'm not going to do that today.
We're going to, we're going to end this on rumble.
Come on over to locals, get some questions in there.
Make sure that I haven't left any rumble rants out here.
I haven't.
And there's some chat in there and we'll get, we'll get some Q&A in locals.
Everyone get, get, get your bus on over there.
I'm going to end this on, on rumble.
Thank you for those who are not going to come on rumble.
Thank you for being here.
I'll be live tomorrow.
I'll cover the stories that I was planning on covering today, but this went.
My goodness.
I still, I still got questions and we're an hour and a half in.
So I'm going to end this on rumble.
Come on over to vivabarnslaw.locals.com for a little after party Q&A.
Okay, done.
See you all tomorrow.
Okay.
Now we're still here.
We're still live.
It changes nothing.
And let me just make sure John on, on our locals chat.
Victor Cardone says, Viva, outstanding interview.
John is an amazing guy and is doing tremendous work for the people.
Thank you both.
I'm a health care provider in Massachusetts.
My patients are experiencing so many issues, but everyone keeps pretending that the cause
is unknown.
I have never seen anything like this.
And it continues.
Okay.
We had talked about like the dire stuff, the death.
And you can confirm unequivocally from what you have that the deaths of age brackets say
the younger age brackets is.
I don't know.
100%.
It's, it's, it's up.
Objectively.
It's, it's not up because we cleared out all the, the weaker, unhealthy younger people.
So it's weird to talk about it like that.
It's up in the context of healthy young athletic kids.
Absolutely.
It's up.
The COVID there were, there were, as far as I understand, virtually nil virtually zero
COVID deaths for 18 and under there might have been a dozen.
I think if we're including Canada and the States.
Other things like now early aggressive cancers.
We didn't actually get into that.
Oh boy.
I presume you have stats on what do they call them turbo cancers, although that's a conspiracy
theory term according to Wikipedia.
So Kevin McCurnan is a genetics expert.
He's the one who found the SV 40 promoter, which acts as a P 53 tumor suppressor.
I don't even know what those words mean.
All I know is that it causes and promotes cancer.
Kevin ran the human genome project at MIT for a number of years.
He's now chief science officer at medicinal genomics.
He found stuff in the vaccine DNA that's not supposed to be there and it could potentially
cause cancer.
Now, when he was at the World Council for health, he said, there's one guy in the world who
has dated back this up.
His name is John Bode.
So, you know, thank you, Kevin for saying that.
So I had Jessica Rose on recently.
She was talking about it.
Unwell, inconclusive or unknown, the effect of the DNA particles.
Why they're even there and what impact they might have.
Yeah.
Why they're there is poor manufacturing practice or or that somebody knew that it was poor
manufacturing process and allowed it to go, allowed it to go through.
And when Kevin made that comment, by the way, Jessica's on the screen nodding her head like this,
but, you know, really hard.
Yeah, she explained.
She explained.
I mean, even how it could have gotten there in the first place or what the process was.
It was, I understood the broad brush jokes, but I still don't understand the details.
Well, from a legal perspective, there's a lower standard of proof with a strict liability
manufacturing defect standard than a design defect standard, which would be like a reasonable
alternative design kind of a negligence higher standard.
So for your legal fans, that's a big difference in what needs to be proven.
But with, let me just cut to the chase here.
Where would it manifest first?
Like I said, it's all about the blood.
So your blood and blood forming organs being your lymph and marrow.
So lymph node cancer in Massachusetts was over 400% of normal in 2023 so far.
Last year, it was 258% of normal.
Those are huge numbers.
I mean, it's, it's astronomically high and these are longer term things.
So they wouldn't manifest right away.
Whereas the acute stuff I told you with post hemorrhagic anemia and a cardiac arrhythmia,
those occur shortly after vaccine, whether it's days, weeks, even months.
But the cancers are going to take several months to a year, right?
Even the turbo cancers take, you know, it's the three to 12 months or whatever.
So now they're still going up.
That means the body's still producing this craft.
Yeah.
And so bone and bone marrow in Massachusetts.
What's the other one?
A lymph node.
A lymph node cancer is the one that's wicked high.
And which I guess makes not to play the hypochondric makes total sensory lymph nodes filter out,
filter out to all the toxins in your body.
I presume.
Yeah.
I mean, but the question is going to be this and it'll be there.
It'll be the unprovable correlation.
Is it the jab or is it?
Is it?
Is it the man made COVID virus?
So let's assume that COVID is man-tinkered with.
So maybe we're going to say it has some longer lasting impacts that are not found in natural
coronavirus or non gain of function research coronavirus.
How are you ever going to tell long term, what turbo cancers result from the jab possibly
or from the COVID possibly?
Well, there's a way to determine the genetic origin of cancers.
I would hope that they will in the future determine.
The signature of sequence that caused the initial cancer, but I don't know.
I mean, what's really happening is your immune system is being suppressed.
Far more people are dying from pneumonia after jab than before jab, even with COVID.
There are more people dying from, especially bacterial pneumonia.
More dying with bacterial pneumonia because their immune systems were shot to hell.
The vaccine destroys your immune system.
You know, if your immune system is being primed to create a certain antibody for a certain
disease that's not even around anymore and it's spending all its time doing that.
You know, the other stuff you encounter, you're getting hit by like the RSV outbreak in 2021
in the summer in the US South in kids that were not yet vaccinated.
How did that happen?
People talk about shedding.
It's not the vaccine that's shedding.
People are getting vaccinated.
They're destroying their immune systems and the innate viruses that they still have in their
bodies are allowed to grow to a point where they never had in 50 years since they had
something and then the kids are picking it up from the parents because the vaccine reduced
the parents immune system so that they could shed the RSV or the shingles or chicken pox,
whatever, to the kids.
Everything's met.
My reaction would have been I would have chalked that up to being isolated and not being allowed
to play with other kids and eat dirt and being exposed to germs.
But is there a way, I mean, if it's down south, I don't know what the lockdown restrictions
were down south.
Maybe that wouldn't even be the case to be the correlation.
So the shedding of these viruses that have now been, that you haven't been able to fight
off and that have been reproducing in your body.
Yeah, in my opinion, that's, I mean, I'm not a doctor, not a biologist, but you carry all
these things you have for your whole life, right?
Why do really old people get shingles when they had chicken pox, when they were young,
they've been able to fight at all their lives, but when their immune system drops when they
get really old, then all of a sudden shingles comes out.
But imagine if, you know, prematurely to that, you take a vaccine at 40 and it kind of wrecks
your immune system in the same manner.
Well, now you get shingles.
It's like, why was there a shingles outbreak outbreak after the vaccines?
Because we know that neutrophils and leukocytes drop after you get the vaccine for about,
you know, anywhere from five to 10 days.
That's a fact.
There's their papers on that.
That's interesting.
Now, I got shingles right before the outbreak, but I think that I got COVID if I did get it
in December of 2019, where I was sicker than I'd ever been.
And then I got shingles in February right before the outbreak, but certainly before the
jab.
I got it was, it was, it was like the worst poison ivy I've ever gotten, luckily, neck down
and growing up.
You didn't have the facial nerve thing.
No, but I did get, I still have post her paddock neuralgia as they call it all over my right
torso.
So stabbing, tingling, and numbness.
But it's not the, not the end of the world.
But now that's an interesting thing.
Would that also be the case, though, then from an infection of COVID, like possibly
weakened immune system afterwards that can make you susceptible to shingles?
Yeah, I'm open to anything.
Like I said, I'm not a doctor.
I'm hypochondric.
I'm open to everything.
What happened to me in 2020 in February, early February, my, my son said I was complaining
of the worst test cold I've had in years.
And I think, you know, he's right.
I had a chest called two weeks later.
I was better.
Still in February.
I tried to get out of bed.
I almost fell over.
I actually did fall back on my bed.
I grabbed the bed.
I had vertigo so bad he had to walk me by my arm to the car.
I couldn't move.
Like, wherever I moved, the whole world was spinning around.
I was on an IV for eight hours.
They were trying to figure out what was causing it.
And I think it was, I think I had the real COVID.
I think I had, I do believe COVID exists.
I think I had it because it attacked some kind of nerve in my ear or something that caused
my balance to be blown out.
It wasn't vertigo.
They wouldn't diagnose it as vertigo because I could turn my head left and right no problem.
I couldn't rise up on my toes three inches.
Only Z axis.
That's it.
I, when I got it in December 2019, I remember looking up in Cephalitis.
I had been playing with a minnow that I hacked out of the ice in the townships in Montreal.
I was like, did I get some sort of weird, but I thought, I mean, I had never been sicker
in my entire life.
And it was.
Oh, now there's a couple of questions here.
DTQC, and this is our locals chat.
You can't see this, John.
I'm going to read it aloud.
I used to date a girl who worked at a hospital in Quebec.
She was told by the hospital staff.
We're told to put clothes on the face of patients who coughed too much.
So the saliva would, so they wouldn't get infected.
We can't trust our institutions anymore.
If you go to the hospital, be sure your relatives are there to protect you.
Especially now, since in New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, you have presumed organ-donning
consent laws, which can only, can only go bad.
Time bandit says, this stuff is the reason I had a screaming match with my daughter to
not take that poison when some were trying to coerce her into getting it.
Dad won the argument.
Thank God.
And then Ginger Ninja, Ginger Ninja says, this has been incredible, John.
I will be going down the bode wing rabbit hole.
How I have never heard of you, brother?
How have I never heard of you, brother?
And then, uh, tort court or tout court says question.
Can you tell us one of your stories from the funeral directors preparing the bodies?
Have you seen the movie, uh, died suddenly?
No, I, I, I had an issue with, I saw parts of it.
Well, I, I, I said I've had my issues with Stu Peters.
Um, that's what I wanted to say.
So no, and I, and I, and I, I'm not like going to call out or anything.
I just like Stu Peters has been wrong on three big things.
Uh, one of which was including a certain problematic clip in that video died suddenly,
which was predating COVID, which discredits a lot of otherwise good stuff.
Uh, Pat King, he was wrong on Pat King and the snake venom stuff.
That being said, uh, the funeral directors were talking about clots that they had never seen before.
Other people were saying those clots were after treatments.
So the, you know, I don't know what they put in there so that people were alleging that the funeral directors,
uh, uh, you know, recounting of the clots was misrepresented because it was post treatment, not pre whatever they inject.
But what were some of the things that the funeral directors were telling you, like just younger people dying
in much greater numbers?
Um, let me think.
Um, or after all the clots.
It's what they were dying from.
I mean, I tried to go down a clot thing with them.
Um, no.
It just wasn't matching the narrative at the time.
This is two years ago.
I just, it was my friend's mother's funeral.
And, um, you know, actually, oh my God, if you saw those pictures, she,
she had, I thought they were tumors, but it's called granulation tissue at the site of injection,
dose one at the site of injection, those two.
I have pictures out there on my, on my sub stack.
Kocandishina.substack.com.
Uh, I didn't actually say that.
I know you didn't say, well, you're going to give me the link.
Did you send me an email with the links already?
Uh, not that one.
Okay.
Well, I'll put them in the, in the pinned comments.
I'm going to watch this on replay.
You picked a bad name for, for easy.
How do I say it?
But I don't even know.
Okay.
Cookin.
That's the cocaine.
That's very COQ, UIN.
Or is it COCQ, UIN?
No, no, you're right.
COQ, UIN.
Yeah.
I'm saying it with the Parisian French, by the way.
People saying cocking the cock in the dark.
Okay.
Uh, yeah.
Great.
Granny Lomas.
That's sort of like, uh, is that like MRSA?
Like that's sort of like an infection of the skin.
Uh, wait a minute.
What are we talking about now?
The granular.
Oh, really?
No, no.
Okay.
So let me, let me go Google that because, you know, I had done it.
The only guy that told me about it was Jerry Waters.
He's a great doctor in Ireland.
They took his license to practice because he's, he's truthful and honest.
G-E-R-R-Y Waters.
So he said, that's not a tumor.
That's granulation tissue.
And then I looked it up.
I'm like, oh man, this guy's right.
All the other doctors didn't tell me.
You know, I, I, I don't know if, you know, you know, I were Bernstein.
No.
Oh, he's a Canadian doctor.
They attacked along with, you probably know Patrick Phillips, right?
Uh, yes, but not, I have to refer to my family.
He's currently Patrick Phillips.
And then, uh, Byron Bridal, Paul Alexander.
For sure.
I've, I've heard of.
All right.
So I, these guys all know me.
Like it, it's funny.
Right.
It says nobody knows me except the people in this world.
No.
It's, it's, it's also the, the ability to break it down.
Um, and make me, it's true.
The scientists are not always the best at expressing the ideas.
My, my wife who's a neuroscientist.
This is like, this is one of the reasons why Anthony Huberman, either for good or for bad,
is as successful as he is because sometimes he might break it down a little too simplistically,
but he breaks it down so that people can understand versus listening to my wife talk about stuff.
It puts me to sleep.
That's what my book is for.
It's for everybody.
If they really want to know what's going on, like what drove this, not just the data and the individuals and the deaths.
But how, as a society, did we get here?
What laws made it happen?
Um, the coercion from the medical boards.
But oh, that, so imagine an inch and a half, about an inch wide and a half an inch thick.
These little things grew out of her arm at the site.
And they looked at just tissue growing outside of her arms at the sites of injection.
And there's something called tumorogenesis.
There's also something called angiogenesis.
That means angio, if something is spurring angiogenesis, it's creating the blood vessels that would feed the granulation tissue or a tumor if it was cancer.
So angiogenesis needs to occur in order to bring nutrients to the tumor or the granulation tissue to let it grow.
And that's what happened.
Something at that site, and I believe it's like what Jessica was saying, Kevin McCurnan,
because the, we don't even know what's in these shots now, because the manufacturing is so bad.
The quality control.
I want them all to get sued into oblivion, civilly, and then I wouldn't mind seeing a great many people behind bars.
And like, I heard Pfizer's stock is down 50%.
I wouldn't short it. I'm not into that, but, or even playing with it.
Uh, they, they need to get sued for missing. I just think like,
here's the plan for first to get them criminally, right?
And we show that it was not intentionally then not only do you have to sue them, you have to pierce the corporate veil and claw back all the money from even, even people who had mutual funds, even them.
We're talking trillions of dollars needs to be clawed back and given back to crude to reestablish the middle class in the United States.
This is a huge endeavor. It has to be done. If we don't do it, we're going to be a class stratified country with only upper and lower. There's going to be no middle class left.
Um, and it's going to take, uh, grand juries. So that's why I'm set on criminal. I'm set on grand juries. The civil cases will follow from that very easily.
You know, you're going after the higher burden for criminal before civil, but yeah, I would say go after, go after civil. I'm going to go retweet.
Albert Burla's April 1st tweet, 100% effective. I was like, if they knew this was false at the time, is that not market manipulation?
So now, you know, to do that, you first have to get the prep act constitutionally stricken because it's, it's a violation of our constitutional rights. The government can't contract the way you're right to sue somebody who harmed you.
And that's what the prep act is. There's only the willful misconduct exception in the prep act is the only way you can sue somebody. That's the liability shield, right?
So it's, it's a complicated system where you have to go all the way to the root and then come back from that, because all the cases are going to be tossed based on the prep act.
Man, yeah, that's why I'd love to talk the barn sometime.
Oh, well, we're going to do part two of this and part two will go over the lawsuits. I cannot, I cannot, what's the word, bind contractually barns, but he's undoubtedly going to watch this because I catch up on Barnes's bourbon with Barnes when I go jog in in the morning and I'm sure he's going to catch up on this.
This has been eye opening and amazing. And, you know, in as much as I did not know of your work thoroughly before the intro, everyone needs to know about what you're doing.
I want to go after Iqbal and I'm just, I'm not a lawyer. I need help, but I have a good case. I think for Iqbal.
Okay. Now, before we end this, because you got it, you got to get out of there. Let me see if there's any more Bill Brown puts in a meme and it says sometimes you just have to sit back, drink your beer and accept that people are fucking idiots.
Right. That's not a bad meme. And that's it. Okay, chat. We're going to end this. I'm going to see if there's any other questions that I might have missed Sunday, Sunday, Sunday.
Well, we might get this in as an extra topic for Sunday. And, okay, now we're going to end this. We're going to say our proper goodbyes and you got to get to New Hampshire for important stuff, John.
Thank you anytime. And maybe one day we meet in person. We'll see who comes up which direction first.
That sounds great.
Send me the links. I'm going to put them in the pinned comment on both YouTube and rumble. I don't think I'm going to air this entire show.
Everyone watching now, snip and clip. What I'm going to do actually is just post this section on rumble afterwards because so everybody can get it, but not live. That's the benefit of locals.
And I'll put up all your links so people are going to find them. John, stick around. Stay here. We'll say our proper goodbyes. Everyone at locals.
See you soon. See you tomorrow, peeps.